so I am young sir I'm the prada manager
for the idea translate which is our new
asleep easy products just announced we
are doing a CES this year so it comes
with a 10.1 inch multi-touch screen one
of the cool things is this screen
support both the capacitive touchscreen
and of the active nigga telepath so here
you can see I'm just using my fingers to
zoom in zoom out the a pen area and also
I can use the pan to do to a nice
picture and pay attention that is no
pressure sensitive and so you can draw
either lighter or darker you know
depends on the pressure so one of the
other cool things is it also comes with
Lenovo design application manager for
the users who still one very cool and
passion you know touchscreen and we we
also support you know the customization
to add the juicers own favorite
applications as well as the web links or
document and also this showed us has
supporters nadp high-definition video
playback as you can see in an opening
and so very smooth and it's a very nice
quality you can see the screen is a
high-resolution 1080 x 800 it also comes
with a really wide angle of view beside
this the products come with a 2 2
megapixel camera front camera and also
the standard USB slot and a microSD for
extend your storage with ins are pretty
very pretty cool products and we also
with two gig of the memory and up to 64
gigabytes of the storage a little ass
for the design you can see the bad
it's a long time orange we should just
know passing the color we are using and
you can see you know how slim it is and
I it's a pretty you know like it's not
heavy at all so it's very easy to carry
this on a one-kilo so it's actually just
a 7 on a craft yep